W&B Training: Serverless RL launch (#1682)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/training/prerequisites.md

---
title: "Prerequisites"
linkTitle: "Prerequisites"
weight: 1
description: >
  Set up your environment to use W&B Training
---

Complete these steps before using W&B Training features through the OpenPipe ART framework or API.

{{< alert title="Tip" >}}
Before starting, review the [usage information and limits]({{< relref "guides/training/serverless-rl/usage-limits" >}}) to understand costs and restrictions.
{{< /alert >}}

## Set up your W&B account and project

You need these items to access W&B Training:

1. **A W&B account**  
   Sign up at [W&B](https://app.wandb.ai/login?signup=true)

2. **A W&B API key**  
   Get your API key at [https://wandb.ai/authorize](https://wandb.ai/authorize)

3. **A W&B project**  

>    Create a project in your W&B account to track usage

Reviewer: "to track usage" -> "to track usage, record training metrics, and save trained models"

>    Create a project in your W&B account to track usage, record training metrics, and save trained models

Reviewer 2: Heads up that formatting looks a bit wonky here.

Author: ah, weird. I could have sworn I copied your other suggestion over. Updating

> ## Set up your W&B account and project
> 
> You need these items to access W&B Training:
> 
> 1. **A W&B account**  
>    Sign up at [W&B](https://app.wandb.ai/login?signup=true)
> 
> 2. **A W&B API key**  
>    Get your API key at [https://wandb.ai/authorize](https://wandb.ai/authorize)
> 
> 3. **A W&B project**  
>    Create a project in your W&B account to track usage, record training metrics, and save trained models
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Sign up and create an API key
To authenticate your machine with W&B, you must first generate an API key at [wandb.ai/authorize](https://wandb.ai/authorize). Copy the API key and store it securely.

## Create a project in W&B

Create a project in your W&B account to track usage, record training metrics, and save trained models. See [Insert link to a quickstart or tutorial]

```
